`<markdown>`
## Gateway Working Group Four Projects Planning Call Notes

The Gateway Working Group held a planning call of all four of the current projects, Monday June 8, 2015.

**Participants:** Affinegy: Art Lancaster, Josh Spain  Qualcomm: Shane Dewing  Microsoft: Torsten Stein and Artem Zhurid  Telient: John Harden, Red Bend: Guy Agin

### Agenda topics:

1. Status updates from each of the projects
2. Discuss impacts and planning for 15.08 and Security 2.0
3. Discuss possible Face to Face meeting for the Gateway Working group later this summer to get more interaction and leverage on common objectives and implementations. for 15.08 and beyond.

### Call Notes:

1. Shane raised that it would be good to highlight more clearly on the AllSeen Wiki and the project high level descriptions the distinction between the DSB project and the Gateway Agent project.  Torsten shared the the DSB presentation and HLD both provide this information.  I offered to add some content to the Gateway Working group overview Wiki page in the initial descriptions on each page  Some content for the Gateway Working wiki.
2. John Hardin - Telient - Working on updating the interface based on the IRB feedback - primarily more detail needed.  Next version for IRB - in 2 or 3 weeks.  Key of the project is actually the client code and its usage information supporting analytics.
3. Torsten - 3 DSBs (BacNet, Z-wave, Mock adapter) - Also AllJoyn Explorer for Windows (binary from Microsoft). Next steps - add control panel capabilities to DSB. For BacNET and Z-wave put the open source libraries into the projects.
4. Guy Agin - Update project - With the Harmon acquistion there was a pause in the project. Now starting up again and revising the interfaces. Security APIs impacts under consideration. Submit a modified version of the documentation to redefine these.  Josh offered to contribute during the drafting process.
5. On 15.08 planning - lots to investigate and include in our planning for next releases.  Also review and contribute for Security 2.1 where encrypted headers are under consideration, which could have significant negative impact on service profiles for external services with the Gateway Agent.  Also possible problems for pub-sub which would be valuable to external interfaces.
6. Regarding the planning for a F2F Gateway Working Group meeting.  Torsten asked for some proposal draft for internal consideration on travel justification.  In general people are supportive but would like a summary proposal, agenda, benefits, etc.  Art will prepare and share.
`</markdown>`
### Meeting Slides

{{:gateway:gateway_working_group_call_2015-06-08.pdf|Meeting Slides in PDF}}

### Meeting Recording

The meeting recording is available in the WebEx meeting space at [WebEx Meeting Space Recording](https///meetings.webex.com/collabs/url/02gFl7r_6pp0p7uGOTrZ6XbqcjWleFitJEw_KVmbHRS00000)
*Note this link has been updated so that you can view it whether you were in the meeting invite list or not*


